1. print is a function which as it is show the statement in output.
2. variable is a name given to a memory location in a program.
3. if you want to write a value or a sting you need to use this "value".
4. for printing the variable we cant use these symbols "".
5. we need to use comma if there is a number between strings.
6. we can only use upper, lower number, _ symbols in the name of variable.
7. WE use type in variable to know weather it is string , integer or float(8.99) basically tell you the data type in variable.
8. data types -integer(9, -9, 0), string(statements), float(45.78), boolean(true and false), none.
9. keywords are the words that have some fixed meaning and they cant be named as variable.
10. it is a case sensitive language apple and Apple these are two different variables.
11. floor is basically the gif of python.
12. a//b is same as floor(a/b).
13. % this is used to calculate the remainder. but ans will only be negative when the numerator is +ve and the denominator is -ve.
14. # is used for commenting and this will not be read by pyhton. or """ """ this.
15  input is a funnction used to take values from the user.
16. if is a keyword for the condition.
17. elif is checked if if" doesnt work (its the different condition).
18 . else is the case when no condition work still we can print something.
19. list is a data type that store values.
20. in list index starts from zero and the data can be changed in list but not in string.
21. list is changable and tuple is non changable.
22. palindrome is a list which remains same either read from start or from end.
23. dictionaries are used to store data in key:value pair.
24. we cant add changable values in set.
25. we use for loops for sequencial data
26. range function returns a sequecial numbers starting from zero and common difference 
27. you can make the function by either choosing parameters or not.
28. functions are of two types built in and user defined functions.
29. when a function calls itself repeatedly it is called recursion.
30. "r" = open for reading
31  "w" = open for writing the file
32. "x" = create a file and open for writing
33. "a" = open for writing and appending the file at the end if it exists
34. "b" = used for opening binary file.
35. "t" = used for opening text file (default)
36. `r+''  Open for reading and writing but this does not create the file if it does not exist. and the pointer is at the start
37. ``w+''  Open for reading and writing.  The file is created if it does not exist and evrything will be deleted
38. ``a+''  Open for reading and writing.  The file is created if it does not exist
39. module is a file that is written by another programmer and that contains useful functions we can use it by imprt filename
40 ABSTRACTION - Hiding the implementation(unneccesary) details of a class and oly showing essesntial features to the user
41. ENCAPSULATION - wrapping data and function into simgle unit(object)
42. types of inheritence
    (a) single inheritence
    (b) multiple inheritence
    (c) multi level inheritence